[DOCS-11013] Add librdkafka section (#29594)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/sources/kafka.md

{{% observability_pipelines/source_settings/kafka %}}

## librdkafka options

These are the available librdkafka options:

- auto.offset.reset
- auto.commit.interval.ms
- client.id
- coordinator.query.interval.ms
- enable.auto.commit
- enable.auto.offset.store
- fetch.max.bytes
- fetch.message.max.bytes
- fetch.min.bytes
- fetch.wait.max.ms
- group.instance.id
- heartbeat.interval.ms
- queued.min.messages
- session.timeout.ms
- socket.timeout.ms

> See [librdkafka documentation][3] for more information and to make sure your values have the correct type and are within range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [librdkafka documentation][3] for more information and to ensure your values have the correct type and are within range.
```
